That's not true.
Listen to me
Gu Beichen, I don't want to listen to your rhetoric anymore
Today you and Jingyun must get a divorce
Old self
You listen to me.
Flower girl salute
I will divorce you tomorrow
everyone
The dignitaries present
Abolish my spirit family
Be my neighbor from now on
Take care of him
It doesn't matter anymore
Oh daddy daddy
Please. Please
Don't make me divorce my sister
Please, sis.
scram
I am not you.
My poor daughter.
Let's go
Go home with dad
I can't divorce Beichen
Based on you
That silly kid
What nonsense are you talking about?
I believe in Beichen
You weren't his intention just now
All the dignitaries here today
As Beichen's wife
How can I make my husband
Losing face in front of so many people?
You know I love you, right?
Ah!
Right
I still love you
Of course I won't leave you
You and Qin Huomei are not dead yet
Your Gu family hasn't collapsed yet
How could this happen to me?
This is life.
That being the case
Gubei Village, please tell you
if
Let me reach the equator and not enter the clouds
I can't resist you.
Don't worry.
I will never let Jin Ren suffer any more grievances
old woman
Hold
Oops Beichen
You don't have to ask him
Even if Lin Jingyun is gone
You still have me
It's all you bitch
bitch
If you hadn't robbed the city, you bitch
The Lord's Daughter's Necklace
Can I be thrown into the position of the Lord of Red Dust today?
Wei grows my stomach
Help Me
Qinhuang card
Don't pretend to be pitiful to me here
It's all your fault
Get out of here
Paige, what about us?
Help Me